[Appfundamentals][revampdoc][1587213] (#2840)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/concepts/app-fundamentals-overview.md

---

> title: Teams platform development fundamentals overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: App development fundamentals overview
```

author: heath-hamilton
description: Describe the foundational concepts of Teams platform development.
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.author: lajanuar
---

> # Teams platform development fundamentals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Microsoft Teams app development fundamentals
```
Added "Microsoft" to the H1 for better SEO.

Microsoft Teams app fundamentals give the direction you need to create your custom Teams app. You can recognize the framework required to plan your Teams app. The document helps you to understand the user-app communication and figure out the kind of app surfaces you need to use or the APIs your app might require in the process. Get some inspiration to embrace interactivity that can deepen the app experience when you integrate with Teams.

> ## Capabilities overview and entry points

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Capabilities and entry points
```

> This article talks about the multiple ways to extend your Teams app. It gives you needed guidance on all the core capabilities and the entry points that work in a collaborative space. You can experiment with the extension points for building your apps. Important app project components help you to correctly configure your app page. Teams app can have [multiple capabilities](../concepts/capabilities-overview.md) and [entry points](../concepts/extensibility-points.md). The information about all the core capabilities is given in this article for you to familiarize yourself with Teams app development.

Reviewer: @KirtiPereira In general, we should avoid saying "this article" or "this document". Also, it is not clear this text is referring to another article. Someone may interpret it as meaning the page they're already on.

## Understand your use cases

This article talks about understanding the use cases. You can recognize user issues and identify the answers to some common problems the users face. You can build your Teams app by finding the right combination to meet your user's needs. [Understand use cases](../concepts/design/understand-use-cases.md) to know how an end-user interacts with your app. You learn to understand the user and their problem. Some common questions answered are as follows:

* Do you need authentication?
* What problem is your app going to solve?
* Who are the end-users of the app?
* The onboarding experience and what else the app can do?

## Map your use cases to Teams app capabilities

> This article talks about some common scenarios and selection of extensibility points. Information to share your app and collaborate on items in an external system is provided. You can also learn to initiate workflows and send notifications to users. Get additional tips on where to start, how to get social with users, conversational bots, Single Page App (SPA), and combining multiple features. [Map your use cases](../concepts/design/map-use-cases.md) with the possibilities available to you and the Teams platform to build your successful app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Map your use cases](../concepts/design/map-use-cases.md) covers some common scenarios and how to choose your app's capabilities. Information to share your app and collaborate on items in an external system is provided. You can also learn how to initiate workflows and send notifications to users. Get additional tips on where to start, how to get social with users, conversational bots, and combining multiple features.
```
